hello today i will tell you about
small generator with e which here
assembled on a chip tl494 shooting very
simple enough nothing at all here
need to do at an hour thirty wadded
flashlight here is such a but you can LED
can be used incandescent bulb
bam case here is very everything is just nothing
no complicated wound core in general
This is the scheme of the shark that I found in
the internet
everything is done very simply quite simple
the scheme honestly did not believe yet
colleague did not collect on a dangerous craft but
nevertheless i want to demonstrate
how it burns I used on
this moment is this one
spotlight the usual spotlight 10 watts on and
yes, that is, I took it down right away
here are just two wires sticking from
led matrix for had
choose from here this
here was his driver just carelessly
cut off and figs with him yes that is here 10
watt spotlight yes i mean i think that
all know very well use for
running a normal battery battery on
12 volts just touching means from 12
volt yes that is, here it is, I just
touching now to this diode igniting
searchlight and he already tweaked here here
there is a frequency resistor
adjustment resistor as i understand it in this
this scheme itself
output voltage and so i'm touching
look so i'm here he is
turned on means and
but look at everything I clean completely
battery in general, that is, I appreciate it
I generally remove him from the table and
the spotlight continues to burn calmly yes
that is, no wires
except now I will clean it specially
see here are no power wires
no more that's just the bare pay
lies and eats searchlight
look yes here's a spotlight
a spotlight is connected to this board
here is nothing here no batteries
no batteries here she is just naked
pay
here are two capacitors of 2200
microfarad transistor all that means
the scheme is fully working and the usual
transformer from a pulse unit
power tv from soviet by the way
my core has already collapsed here
several times by itself it stuck it together but
I do not know how this one is just on the ball
here is please reeled lantern which
will serve to burn and never
extinguished well maybe sometime extinguished
will show it can be wear something
don't necessarily want to say it
perpetual motion machine
well, the spotlight is on so frankly
even the video is difficult to shoot everything I launched
I don’t know how to stop the system
just have to close something yes then
there is well here is such a scheme is enough
simple nothing complex that is here
a flashlight that can be hung on the street
yes that is 30 watt lantern
it just starts up usually with a battery
turns on here there is a stop button yes
that is, you will see on the diagram I and the court do not
provided therefore it will burn
now I have to leave here even
as you can see I have a mess yes it
Due to the fact that I started looking
free energy and honestly i am her
I found a battery here and here it is
battery here I hold it in my hands
just launched
and everything 's on fire
there are people of course
bullshit flogged on the forums everywhere they write
everybody likes to write this
write on, I will only say one thing
what if you are commentators
except how to scratch your tongue when
did not do something then sorry that is well
flag you hands us in the hands of a soldering iron yes
so here with the help of such here
things we all collect and solder important
to
the main thing that was well
getting eaten this desire that's when
understand how the system works when
understand what an electromagnetic field is
then you can collect such things and
they will work for you and here's how
see the spotlight is burning just bright so
that it is impossible to look at this system
here is the LED is lit some yes then
there I am here soldered to the scheme he was
his zasandalil is indicated here it is if
look at the scheme of this LED here
he yes that is, it burns here stabilizer
It should be honest in that there is a colleague
who collected also does not understand yet
how it can work but obviously
works yes that is, I say again that
there is a magnetic electromagnetic field here
if you deal with the system
electromagnetic field plus resonance we
will always know how it works
Thanks for attention